ENH Use scipy Yeo-Johnson implementation in PowerTransformer for scipy >= 1.9 (#31227)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.utils/27818.fix.rst

> - Added `_yeojohnson_lambda` function in `fixes.py` to use SciPy’s implementation when SciPy version is >= 1.9 and fall 
> back to scikit-learn’s implementation otherwise. This improves performance by utilizing the optimized SciPy version when available. 
> By :user: `Sylvain Marié<@smarie>`, `Mohamed yaich<@yaichm>`, `Oussama Er-rabie<@eroussama>`, `Mohamed Dlimi<@Dlimim>`, 
> `Hamza Zeroual<@HamzaLuffy>`, `Amine Hannoun<@AmineHannoun>` and  `xuefeng-xu <@xuefeng-xu>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Numerical stabibilty (mostly overflows) of the Yeo-Johnson transform with
  `PowerTransformer(method="yeo-johnson")` is fixed if scipy verion >= 1.9 is used.
  By :user: `Sylvain Marié<@smarie>`, `Mohamed yaich<@yaichm>`,
  `Oussama Er-rabie<@eroussama>`, `Mohamed Dlimi<@Dlimim>`,
  `Hamza Zeroual<@HamzaLuffy>`, `Amine Hannoun<@AmineHannoun>` and
  `xuefeng-xu <@xuefeng-xu>`.
```

> `Hamza Zeroual<@HamzaLuffy>`, `Amine Hannoun<@AmineHannoun>` and  `xuefeng-xu <@xuefeng-xu>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Hamza Zeroual<@HamzaLuffy>`, `Amine Hannoun<@AmineHannoun>` and  `Xuefeng Xu <@xuefeng-xu>`.
```

- Numerical stabibilty (mostly overflows) of the Yeo-Johnson transform with
  `PowerTransformer(method="yeo-johnson")` is fixed if scipy verion >= 1.9 is used.
  By :user: `Sylvain Marié<@smarie>`, `Mohamed yaich<@yaichm>`,
  `Oussama Er-rabie<@eroussama>`, `Mohamed Dlimi<@Dlimim>`,
  `Hamza Zeroual<@HamzaLuffy>`, `Amine Hannoun<@AmineHannoun>` and

>   `Xuefeng Xu <@xuefeng-xu>`.

Reviewer: The whatsnew should be placed in `preprocessing` as `PowerTransformer` has the user facing change.
